
We appreciate your interest in Wingify and the position of UI Developer for which you applied.

As the part of our hiring process, please find the task in the attached pdf:



1) The entire code must be written in vanilla Javascript (including HTML generation, CSS implementation and JS as well).

2) No third party plugins(JS & CSS both) should be used to develop the assignment.

3) The code should be in manner that if we run the code from browser console on any website, the desired output should be visible. Also, this should not break the current functionality of the existing website.

4) The requirement should be correctly implemented for both desktop (exit intent popup) and mobile (popup should be visible after 5 second) devices.

5) The form validation must be applied for all input fields including the checkbox. The validation must be in vanilla JS with proper email, name and checkbox field validation without using third party plugins.

6) The popup form once submitted or closed, should not be visible after running the code multiple times.

7)You can use google font library of your choice.

8) Image Link -https://useruploads.visualwebsiteoptimizer.com/useruploads/176372/images/339bf06d957c32e3b61f79b563f229af_offerx500.png

Make sure all the code is written in vanilla JS (including form validation).

Note: The code should be written in such a manner that we can execute single JS code from the browser's developer console on any website. and you can share the JS code by saving the code in a .txt file and sharing it through Google Drive. (We will not accept separate HTML Files)

Thank you, again, for your interest in our company. We do appreciate the time that you invested in this application.



?The Deadline to submit the task is 4 days.

Link for instructions - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Pm0XNBmDHtiErAEzgyfFTtQe3_yDnMtX/view?usp=drive_link



Please feel free to email us back if you have any queries
---------------------------------------

As a next step to your application, we'd like you to work on the following two tasks: 
Q1. For Desktop, create an exit intent popup with the following design. Below is the functionality we 
are expecting: 
On submitting this form: 
Show error if Email or checkbox value is blank. 
Successful submission: create cookie & auto close the popup. 
On Closing the popup(whether the form is filled or not) a cookie will be created.  
On refresh: if any of the above-created cookies(i.e. successful submission or close) are 
present, then exit intent popup should not appear. 
Q2. Make a mobile version of the as shown below. The scope will be different here, instead of exit 
intent the popup should auto appear after 5 seconds. 
Please note:
 There needs to be created using the developer console of the browser on vwo.com 
using jQuery, JavaScript and CSS commands.


